[Music]
Our first guest
我们的第一位嘉宾

this evening 
今晚

our multiple Emmy Award winners for their long-running hit TV series South Park 
因长期热门电视连续剧《南方公园》而蝉联艾美奖的得主

they make their awesome movies like South Park bigger Longer & uncut and Team America
他们制作过超炫的电影比如《South Park bigger Longer & uncut 》 和 《Team America》

they have a new musical opening on Broadway that is getting rave reviews
他们在百老汇开展了一个新的音乐剧,一直以来好评如潮

it's called the Book of Mormon here to talk about all of that 
叫做《the Book of Mormon》，今天我们将好好谈谈这个

please welcome Trey Parker and Matt Stone
热烈欢迎 Trey Parker 和 Matt Stone
 
[Music]

[Applause]

Welcome to the show
欢迎来到咱们节目

Gosh,  we're such giant fans of you guys thanks for wearing the shirt by the way 
我们都是你俩的超级粉丝，谢谢你穿了这件T恤

Thanks for the shirt
感谢这件T恤

You're a good man
你人可以的

I was I gotta say Team America
我想说《Team America》

I was so mad that you didn't get nominated for any Oscars for music
这部电影没拿到奥斯卡音乐奖提名让我觉得超生气

So were we 
我们也是啊

I mean some of the best theme song alone
有一些最好的主题曲

I'm so ronery I mean they're phenomenal songs 
《I'm so ronery》等等都是一些非凡的歌曲

I was just mad at the Academy 
我在奥斯卡颁奖时太气了

Can you imagine trying to get up and sing I'm so ronery 
你能想象一边努力起床，一边唱《I'm so ronery》吗

I mean phenomenal
它太牛了
 
I just think you were gypped that year 
我觉得你那年被骗了

but I think the next logical move to in my head
但我脑子里出现你下一个可能的新作

would be a Broadway musical yeah 
会是一个百老汇音乐剧

yeah what we've wanted we've been forcing our way into musicals 
我们曾想我们一直强行把我们的主要事业放在音乐剧上

the entire time I mean 
全心全意的那种

from we did a movie in college called cannibal the musical 
从我们在大学时制作了一个音乐剧叫做《食人魔》

and that was sort of the first thing we did together 
那是我们第一次一起创作

yeah and then then we made this movie Orgazmo 
然后我们一起做了电影《哈啦神父High上天 Orgazmo》

that was supposed to be musical but they wouldn't let us put music in it, and then
本来该是一个音乐剧的可是他们不同意我们放音乐进去

surly that got be a muscial


that's a bummer
那太遗憾了

such a bummer
真是遗憾

we finally got paramount to do a south park movie 
我们最终有权利去做南方公园电影了

we're like we're gonna make it a musical
我们当时说，我们要把它做成一个音乐剧

they're like oh no don't do that 
他们就说，害，还是别吧

oh my god
笑死我了

but we did that anyway
但无论如何我们还是做成了音乐剧

you got nominated for oscar for that one
你们那部电影也获得了奥斯卡提名

For bad but I lost to Phil Collins 
伤感的是我失去了 Phil Collins 

ah man
害

what did you lose to? "in the air tonight"? 
你失去了什么？《in the air tonight》这首歌吗？

no I lost to "you'll be in my heart, you'll be in my heart"
不，是“you'll be in my heart, you'll be in my heart”

everybody, you know that song?
大家知道这首歌吗？

(NO)
不知道

nobody knows that song unfortunately
真遗憾，没人知道这首歌

remember that song?
那你呢？

no I don't know 
我不记得

I do remember blame Canada though
我只记得《blame Canada》了

Right
好吧

Um…
嗯..

So how did you go about just going into getting making a musical
你们是为什么选择了做音乐剧

you saw one that was funny go we can do this
是看见别的有趣的音乐剧而决定自己也做一个的吗？

when we were actually in New York having meetings 
当我们在纽约开会的时候

when we were in production about on Team America 
我们正在制作《Team America》

and somebody told us there is this puppet musical on Broadway Avenue Q 
那时候有人告诉我们说有个百老汇音乐剧叫《Avenue Q 》

it was fantastic
那是个很优秀的作品 

it was great so we went on saw it and we loved it 
非常好看，我们看完就爱上了

and we went out with Bobby Lopez who co-wrote it after the show 
表演结束后我们约见了这部剧的作者之一

and he kind of like looks at it 
当时

for some reason he's a few years younger than me and Trey 
他比我和老崔小几岁

and so he looks up to us like we're elder statesman of the industry 
他就很尊敬我们搞得好像我们在行业里资历更深一样

and he goes what should I do with my career you guys
然后说：“你们觉得我以后往哪方面发展好？”

and we were like what do you want to do
我们就说：“你想往哪方面发展？”

you know something about Mormons like a musical about Mormons 
他回答说：“一些摩门教的东西比如关于摩门教的音乐剧。”

and we were like we love Mormons 
我们当时就：“我们爱死摩门教了。”

yeah what?


it was like the only other person in the world 

who's into the Mormons in musicals you know 

and so in that moment we just kind of said

let's have let's meet about this 

let's try to come up with something that was 2004 

so that was seven years ago we finally finished it this year

You always put a lot of hard work into it 

yeah absolutely

yeah seven years on this

this is the hardest we've ever worked on anything actually in our life

I mean it's getting crazy rave reviews you surprised of the reviews I mean 

everybody is saying this it's phenomenally say it's hilarious

the songs are actually great songs 

it's an actual great play I'm like 

oh that's surprised?

？？？  I was surprised by everything I said

no but I mean were you surprised 

I mean yeah I mean it's gratifying to like work on something so long 

and you finally put out in front of people and they get it 

you know it's pretty cool yeah 

when someone gets the joke

When the great part too is that we're actually getting some Mormons 

coming and we can tell because we there's parts of the show that 

really only a Mormon would get
 
？ in or whatever and so we're always back there at the back of the house

while the show's going on 

and you'll hear them who acts there's a part where we quote a been a die

？and you hear the Mormons going “that was been a die” 

? There are a lot of Mormons over there
???

are they reacting well good as well Mormons

yeah well it's a pretty select group of Mormons 

that will actually even come to the show 

so but of those they seem to really like it 

yeah that's why that's why it Mormon are you just obsessed with Mormons

yeah they're just awesome yeah

we grew up in Colorado so we're kind of from Mormon country

you know we knew Mormons growing up 

and Mormons and musicals seemed like about an inch away from each other 

yeah that's kind of seem like they're about to burst into song you know the way and

that because I grew up really loving the classics 

like Rodgers and Hammerstein musicals

and I always loved how happy and optimistic and we were and I was like 

oh nobody's like that anymore

cause that from Mormons

？

so then you did it and then you preview it somewhere or

where did you I guess here in New York

we did workshops for like five years

how ??? with humans in this one 

？？ 
? That's a good question why we use puppet	

? Team America killed us we thought we never work with puppets again  

like the way a musical in the way the way this whole process 

is it's a lot different than what we're normally used to 

which is us to sitting in a room with computers and cutouts of Cartman and doing that 

you know this is it you really we're working with like a great cast of consummate artists 

and when you're writing for the stage you kind of need 

your writing for certain people and like Josh GAD and Andrew Rannells 

are in who the play the two missionaries  

they've become part of the writing process you need that 

you know it is it's very different than us two locked in a room

together in LA like doing this by ourselves 

yeah you have to get feedback and change these 

???

yeah with actually human being instead of paper yeah absolutely I guess so 

then you have the soundtrack and all this stuff as well 

we're actually recording the soundtrack this week 

yeah??? no idea are you fighting there's a bunch of rules like will Broadway 

not let you say what you want to say those are sense???

No that's what's crazy is for the first time we don't have any of that

Because I'm on Comedy Central even we have 

you know there's standards and practices 

and with a movie you've got the MPAA

and with this for the first time we've just got a theater 

and we can pretty much do what we want 

it's a train I rented a theater and putting on a show

that's so cool

I guess we could do something hardcore enough to get the police after 

I don't think oh 

？？Man they're killing people

？？？they're not shutting it down 

so I can't wait to see this out 

when we come back around chuckle about South Park okay

[Applause]

[Music]
Hey everybody we are back with Matt Stone and Trey Parker

and the new Broadway musical is the Book of Mormon

and it's the hottest ticket around

right now in New York City if you come down here

check it out go to restaurant row

？？through the theater district 

yeah pretty great doing theater

？？

do you dig it

dude I mean how long we've been here now in New York 

it's so awesome to be in the same room as people laughing at the stuff 

yeah it's true 

cuz we're just so used to like we get the stuff done 

and then we're just go to bed

ya ？？？

？？？？

？？just don't worry

yeah yeah right now when we cut them

？？？ yeah exactly whatever fighting to be in the same room 

with a thousand people as you put on some of the stuff

that's in the Book of Mormon the first time 

yeah

you just like oh god here goes oh god here goes

？？？

normally we have stuff tank all the time

we just don't know because we're at home

and you're watching it at your home 

yeah and there's no laughs？？？？

it's a it's  been it's been terrifying 

but it's been pretty cool too

I'm just like I'm so I cannot wait to see this is like the thing 

I'm really looking forward to seeing 

and South Park is 15 seasons 

15 years

??

15 years oh my gosh 

do you ever think

yes

you do

no

no we really thought we got we got the you know

we got a call that we got to do sit there 

the Comedy Central picked up our little pilot our show 

yeah 

and they're like they're gonna order six episodes

they're like that's so cool you gonna make six of these 

Wow 

and now we're like ah when we made now 12
 
?? 123 over there that 

oh my god

was it true I always heard the story 

I don't know if it's true 

that George Clooney got some short

that you guys made and he sent it around to everyone for Christmas present 

and that's what you got guys got discovered

yeah I mean he was yes he did 

he sent out a bunch of tapes 

we did a tape for a friend of ours named Brian Graydon 

who's a television executive just to send out as a Christmas card 

and he sent out like 40 of them 

and I think one was probably to George Clooney 

and this was back when you have like it was a VCR tape

yeah VHS tape

VHS tape that mean pre DVDs even 

and people had to copy it tape to tape and send it around

？？？jesus versus Santa Claus 

yeah the spirit of Christmas

but ？？？

was caught was people like 

oh I saw this really funny thing here you got to check it out you got to check it 

and then they copy it on it on another VHS 

？？？

we sound so old it's unbelievable like you know when we started people had tapes 

but now you have South Park studios dot-com 

which is all the shows you can watch all of the stuff over there 

yeah 
 
and you're doing a contest met with Comedy Central fan contest the top 15 episodes of all time

yep pick by the fans 
 
pick by the fans ??

？？ any surprises do you think or what

do you have any idea what they're gonna choose 

I have no idea what they're gonna choose 

probably all the Terrance and Phillip episodes 

？？？
？？
？

that would be if that's in the top 15 I'll be really psyched 

oh really

so fans out there please vote for Terrance and Phillip

I mean we're talking about earlier 

I was trying to everyone's trying to get their favorite one 

and just I think I feel like you guys keep topping yourself every season 

we're like oh but that thing was amazing

？？？

that was amazing but you just 

it never slowed down your show you never quite jumped the shark 

we actually do work contrary

yeah you really do 

everybody's like we just kind of like got high what to work or like 

I mean Cartman I don't know how many times 

I mean you must hear like crazy but it feels like everybody has an impression of Cartman 

yes oh do I 

you actually do Cartman

yes 

can you do a little Cartman for us

no

oh come on

？？？could you say this

Late Night with Jimmy Fallon suck 

thank you so much 
？？？

[Applause]

here's my really insights that we're debuting on our show tonight 

this is one of my favorite things ever 

you put out an album with a buddy of yours from high school 

here it is and and it's called immature a collection of love balance to
the 80s man and

came up because your producer was saying 

you know look hard to write songs that were funny and I'm like I've been doing that since I was 14

he's like oh really what was it 

and then you got the tape here

you gotta hear some of the some of the songs in this rec ord is gr eat

dead ballerina 

？？？

great thing you did 

I got it I love it

you're not worth the dirt on the lint between my toes 

but there's one I really love this call I Spit on your love 

and this is you and what's your buddy's frame we got a

David Goodman

David Goodman you and David Goodman and you pass these out in high school and sold them or

yeah we recorded on a four-track recorder we sold them for five dollars 

and we made like 500 bucks so I quit my job at Pizza Hut

I remember the manager I told the manager Pizza Hut cuz he wanted an exit
interview 

he's like why are you leaving Pizza Hut 

and I said why I think I got a career 

I was like we did this thing and I made $500 

and he's listening to me and I was like and I want to go to music school you know I want to do music 

and he's like sounds to me like you think you're too good for Pizza Hut

there you go that could have been a bonus track I'm too good for Pizza Hut

but here is we're gonna is this a national television debut of this song

uh no don't play

you guys have to hear this 

this is a track is from Parker and Goodman 

??? 

This is a ??? I spit on your love

?????????

So you finally come back to me after all this time

I remember the day you told me that our love wasn't worth a dime

Now here you are telling me you want to rekindle our old flame

Well I'm not one of your pawns, and love isn't just a game

I spit on your love

I spit on your love

mmhm

And I spit on you

I spit on your love

I spit on your love

And I spit on you


[Music]

[Music]

[Music]

[Applause]

[Music]

[Applause]

on you

[Applause]

[Music]

you






